docathon items (#558)
hirosystems/docs: docs/clarinet/introduction.md

![screenshot](images/demo.gif)

## Network Types

Clarinet supports different network types to cater to various development and testing needs. Here's a brief overview of each:

| Network | Description                                                                                                                                                                                     | Use Case                                                                    |
| ------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | Simnet  | Optimized for fast feedback loops, introspection, and portability. Can be run anywhere and generate reports about contract analysis, execution, costs, etc.                                     | Ideal for initial development and testing.                                  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Simnet  | Optimized for fast feedback loops, introspection, and portability. Can be run anywhere and generate reports about contract analysis, execution, costs, etc.                                     | Ideal for initial development and unit-testing.                                  |
```

> | Devnet  | Orchestrates a Stacks node and a Bitcoin node for correctness and relatively fast feedback loops. Includes optional components like stacks-api, bitcoin-explorer, stacks-explorer, subnet, etc. | Use when you need a more accurate simulation of the production environment. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Devnet  | Local Stacks and Bitcoin nodes running on Docker for relatively fast feedback loops. Includes optional components like stacks-api, bitcoin-explorer, stacks-explorer, etc. | Use for integration tests or to develop the front-end of your dApp locally |
```
